Do I need to lie to you?
Or are you worth the lie?
That's true.
Otherwise
If you didn't have the 0 support I had to use
I really don't want to kill you.
But
This is your life too
That being the case
Then let's try
See who killed who
You really surprised me.
Then you will see more impact
I have to deal with you ASAP.
Otherwise, I will really not be able to do this in the future.
It can actually blow the source of the spirit
How is that possible?
I have practiced for thousands of years
Only then can we understand the pride of the source of Cuidong Mausoleum
How is that possible?
The spiritual connection you think is a kind of spiritual power
But what you don't know is
I am the spiritual body
Or rather
I am Ganoderma lucidum Garden
Ganoderma lucidum garden is me
So to drive Ganoderma lucidum Garden
It's like I lift my arm and leg.
This time
There is actually a body of spiritual fate
This is incredible